translate metadata quality (#119)
Informasjonsforvaltning/docs: content/Data.norge.no/Metadata quality/_index.md

```

[`dataset-event-publisher`](https://github.com/Informasjonsforvaltning/fdk-dataset-event-publisher)
listens for RabbitMQ harvest messages from
[`dataset-harvester`](https://github.com/Informasjonsforvaltning/fdk-dataset-harvester).
It then gets dataset-graphs from `dataset-harvester`,
and produces an event on the _dataset-events_ topic for every dataset `dataset-harvester` has updated.
[`assmentator`](https://github.com/Informasjonsforvaltning/fdk-mqa-assmentator)
consumes every harvested graph from _dataset-events_,
adds `hasAssessment` properties on both dataset- and distribution-nodes,
and produces a new event with the resulting graph on _mqa-dataset-events_.
[`property-checker`](https://github.com/Informasjonsforvaltning/fdk-mqa-property-checker),
[`url-checker`](https://github.com/Informasjonsforvaltning/fdk-mqa-url-checker) and [dcat-validator](https://github.com/Informasjonsforvaltning/fdk-mqa-dcat-validator)
will all three consume dataset graphs from _mqa-dataset-events_
and produce assessment graphs to _mqa-events_.
These assessment graphs is consumed by
[`scoring-service`](https://github.com/Informasjonsforvaltning/fdk-mqa-scoring-service),

> and merges these based on _fdk_id_ and event timestamp.

Reviewer: Sånn jeg leser setningen er det fortsatt the assesment graphs som er utgangspunktet for setningen. Jeg forstår det slik at de blir slått sammen. 

```suggestion
and merged based on _fdk_id_ and event timestamp.
```

`scoring-service` saves/updates assessment graphs in `Postgres` through
[`scoring-api`](https://github.com/Informasjonsforvaltning/fdk-mqa-scoring-api),

> as well as total score for every dimension so that it is possible execute quick aggregated queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as well as total score for every dimension so that it is possible to execute quick aggregated queries.
```
